akeneo-design-system/src/components/Input/MediaFileInput/MediaFileInput.stories.mdx, before:

import {useState} from 'react';
import {Meta, Story, ArgsTable, Canvas} from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import {MediaFileInput} from './MediaFileInput.tsx';
import {useFakeMediaStorage} from '../../../storybook/hooks/useFakeMediaStorage';

<Meta
  title="Components/Inputs/Media File input"
  component={MediaFileInput}
  args={{
    value: null,
    placeholder: 'Drag and drop to upload or click here',
    downloadLabel: 'Download',
    fullscreenTitle: 'Show fullscreen',
    closeTitle: 'Close',
    clearTitle: 'Clear',
    uploadingLabel: 'Uploading...',
  }}
/>

# Media File input

## Usage

Media File input allows the user to enter content when the expected user input is a file.

## Playground

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Standard">
    {args => {
      const [uploader, downloader, previewer] = useFakeMediaStorage();
      const [value, setValue] = useState(null);
      return (
        <MediaFileInput
          {...args}
          value={value}
          onChange={setValue}
          uploader={uploader}
          downloader={downloader}
          previewer={previewer}
        />
      );
    }}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

<ArgsTable story="Standard" />

## Variation on size

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Size">
    {args => {
      const file = {
        filePath: '/file/path.jpg',
        originalFilename: 'nice-name.jpg',
      };
      const [uploader, downloader, previewer] = useFakeMediaStorage('https://picsum.photos/seed/akeneo/200');
      const [value, setValue] = useState(file);
      return (
        <>
          <MediaFileInput
            {...args}
            value={value}
            onChange={setValue}
            uploader={uploader}
            downloader={downloader}
            previewer={previewer}
          />
          <MediaFileInput
            {...args}
            size="small"
            value={value}
            onChange={setValue}
            uploader={uploader}
            downloader={downloader}
            previewer={previewer}
          />
        </>
      );
    }}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## Variation on readonly

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Read only">
    {args => {
      const file = {
        filePath: '/file/path.jpg',
        originalFilename: 'nice-name.jpg',
      };
      const uploader = () => {};
      const downloader = () => 'https://picsum.photos/seed/akened/200';
      const previewer = () => 'https://picsum.photos/seed/akened/200';
      return (
        <>
          <MediaFileInput
            {...args}
            value={null}
            readOnly
            uploader={uploader}
            downloader={downloader}
            previewer={previewer}
          />
          <MediaFileInput
            {...args}
            value={file}
            readOnly
            uploader={uploader}
            downloader={downloader}
            previewer={previewer}
          />
          <MediaFileInput
            {...args}
            value={null}
            size="small"
            readOnly
            uploader={uploader}
            downloader={downloader}
            previewer={previewer}
          />
          <MediaFileInput
            {...args}
            value={file}
            size="small"
            readOnly
            uploader={uploader}
            downloader={downloader}
            previewer={previewer}
          />
        </>
      );
    }}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## Variation on invalid

<Canvas>
  <Story name="invalid">
    {args => {
      const file = {
        filePath: '/file/path.jpg',
        originalFilename: 'invalid-image.jpg',
      };
      const [uploader, downloader, previewer] = useFakeMediaStorage('https://picsum.photos/seed/akenew/400/100');
      const [value, setValue] = useState(file);
      return (
        <>
          <MediaFileInput
            {...args}
            value={value}
            onChange={setValue}
            uploader={uploader}
            downloader={downloader}
            previewer={previewer}
            invalid={true}
          />
          <MediaFileInput
            {...args}
            size="small"
            value={value}
            onChange={setValue}
            uploader={uploader}
            downloader={downloader}
            previewer={previewer}
            invalid={true}
          />
        </>
      );
    }}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

Commit message:

RAC-483: Add error handle in media input

akeneo-design-system/src/components/Input/MediaFileInput/MediaFileInput.stories.mdx, after:

import {useState} from 'react';
import {Meta, Story, ArgsTable, Canvas} from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import {MediaFileInput} from './MediaFileInput.tsx';
import {useFakeMediaStorage} from '../../../storybook/hooks/useFakeMediaStorage';

<Meta
  title="Components/Inputs/Media File input"
  component={MediaFileInput}
  args={{
    value: null,
    placeholder: 'Drag and drop to upload or click here',
    downloadLabel: 'Download',
    fullscreenTitle: 'Show fullscreen',
    closeTitle: 'Close',
    clearTitle: 'Clear',
    uploadingLabel: 'Uploading...',
    uploadErrorLabel: 'An error occurred during the upload'
  }}
/>

# Media File input

## Usage

Media File input allows the user to enter content when the expected user input is a file.

## Playground

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Standard">
    {args => {
      const [uploader, downloader, previewer] = useFakeMediaStorage();
      const [value, setValue] = useState(null);
      return (
        <MediaFileInput
          {...args}
          value={value}
          onChange={setValue}
          uploader={uploader}
          downloader={downloader}
          previewer={previewer}
        />
      );
    }}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

<ArgsTable story="Standard" />

## Variation on size

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Size">
    {args => {
      const file = {
        filePath: '/file/path.jpg',
        originalFilename: 'nice-name.jpg',
      };
      const [uploader, downloader, previewer] = useFakeMediaStorage('https://picsum.photos/seed/akeneo/200');
      const [value, setValue] = useState(file);
      return (
        <>
          <MediaFileInput
            {...args}
            value={value}
            onChange={setValue}
            uploader={uploader}
            downloader={downloader}
            previewer={previewer}
          />
          <MediaFileInput
            {...args}
            size="small"
            value={value}
            onChange={setValue}
            uploader={uploader}
            downloader={downloader}
            previewer={previewer}
          />
        </>
      );
    }}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## Variation on readonly

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Read only">
    {args => {
      const file = {
        filePath: '/file/path.jpg',
        originalFilename: 'nice-name.jpg',
      };
      const uploader = () => {};
      const downloader = () => 'https://picsum.photos/seed/akened/200';
      const previewer = () => 'https://picsum.photos/seed/akened/200';
      return (
        <>
          <MediaFileInput
            {...args}
            value={null}
            readOnly
            uploader={uploader}
            downloader={downloader}
            previewer={previewer}
          />
          <MediaFileInput
            {...args}
            value={file}
            readOnly
            uploader={uploader}
            downloader={downloader}
            previewer={previewer}
          />
          <MediaFileInput
            {...args}
            value={null}
            size="small"
            readOnly
            uploader={uploader}
            downloader={downloader}
            previewer={previewer}
          />
          <MediaFileInput
            {...args}
            value={file}
            size="small"
            readOnly
            uploader={uploader}
            downloader={downloader}
            previewer={previewer}
          />
        </>
      );
    }}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## Variation on invalid

<Canvas>
  <Story name="invalid">
    {args => {
      const file = {
        filePath: '/file/path.jpg',
        originalFilename: 'invalid-image.jpg',
      };
      const [uploader, downloader, previewer] = useFakeMediaStorage('https://picsum.photos/seed/akenew/400/100');
      const [value, setValue] = useState(file);
      return (
        <>
          <MediaFileInput
            {...args}
            value={value}
            onChange={setValue}
            uploader={uploader}
            downloader={downloader}
            previewer={previewer}
            invalid={true}
          />
          <MediaFileInput
            {...args}
            size="small"
            value={value}
            onChange={setValue}
            uploader={uploader}
            downloader={downloader}
            previewer={previewer}
            invalid={true}
          />
        </>
      );
    }}
  </Story>
</Canvas>
