akeneo-design-system/src/components/Tree/Tree.stories.mdx, before:

import {Meta, Story, ArgsTable, Canvas} from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import {Tree} from './Tree.tsx';

<Meta
  title="Components/Tree"
  component={Tree}
  argTypes={{
    value: {
      description: 'Value of the element that is used during callback events'
    },
    label: {
      description: 'Label of the tree element'
    },
    isLeaf: {
      description: 'A leaf is the deepest element of a tree and does not have children'
    },
    selected: {
      description: 'Highlight the current element of the tree'
    },
    isLoading: {
      description: 'Displays the loading animation'
    },
    selectable: {
      description: 'Displays a checkbox that allows to select the element of the tree'
    },
    readOnly: {
      description: 'Does not allow checking/unchecking the box (Can only be used with `selectable`)'
    },
    onOpen:{
      description: 'Triggered when the user opens a node'
    },
    onClose:{
      description: 'Triggered when the user closes a node'
    },
    onChange:{
      description: 'Triggered when the user selects or unselects a node'
    },
    _isRoot:{
        table:{
          disable: true
        }
    },
  }}
  args={{}}
/>

# Tree

## Usage

A tree is a hierarchical component that displays the visual representation of the parent-child relationship between nodes (such as categories, families, etc...). There are different variations that allow to select only one and/or multiple node at the same time.

## General guidance

Tree structures are flexible. A default tree provides a structure with named nodes and arrows to expand/collapse child nodes, whereas a selectable tree features checkboxes allowing the user to select nodes and/or children nodes.

## Playground

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Standard">
    {args => {
      return (
        <Tree value={'master'} label={'Master'} {...args}>
          <Tree value={'tvs'} label={'TVs and projectors'} {...args}/>
          <Tree value={'cameras'} label={'Cameras'} {...args}/>
          <Tree value={'audio'} label={'Audio and Video'} {...args}/>
        </Tree>
      );
    }}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

<ArgsTable story="Standard" />

## Variation on selected

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Selected">
    {args => {
      return (
        <>
          <Tree {...args} label='default' selected={false} />
          <Tree {...args} label='selected' selected={true} />
        </>
      );
    }}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## Variation on isLoading

<Canvas>
  <Story name="IsLoading">
    {args => {
      return (
        <>
          <Tree {...args} label='default' isLoading={false} />
          <Tree {...args} label='isLoading' isLoading={true} />
        </>
      );
    }}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## Variation on isLeaf

<Canvas>
  <Story name="IsLeaf">
    {args => {
      return (
        <>
          <Tree {...args} label='default' isLeaf={false} />
          <Tree {...args} label='isLeaf' isLeaf={true} />
        </>
      );
    }}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## Variation on selectable

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Selectable">
    {args => {
      const [selected, setSelected] = React.useState(false);
      return (
        <>
          <Tree {...args} label='default' selectable={false}/>
          <Tree
            {...args}
            label='selectable'
            selectable={true}
            selected={selected}
            onChange={(_value, checked) => setSelected(checked)}
          />
        </>
      );
    }}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## Variation on readOnly

<Canvas>
  <Story name="ReadOnly">
    {args => {
      return (
        <>
          <Tree {...args} label='default' selectable={true} readOnly={false} />
          <Tree {...args} label='readOnly' selectable={true} readOnly={true} />
        </>
      );
    }}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

Commit message:

CPM-116: Category Tree product grid

akeneo-design-system/src/components/Tree/Tree.stories.mdx, after:

import {Meta, Story, ArgsTable, Canvas} from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import {Tree} from './Tree.tsx';

<Meta
  title="Components/Tree"
  component={Tree}
  argTypes={{
    value: {
      description: 'Value of the element that is used during callback events'
    },
    label: {
      description: 'Label of the tree element'
    },
    isLeaf: {
      description: 'A leaf is the deepest element of a tree and does not have children'
    },
    selected: {
      description: 'Highlight the current element of the tree'
    },
    isLoading: {
      description: 'Displays the loading animation'
    },
    selectable: {
      description: 'Displays a checkbox that allows to select the element of the tree'
    },
    readOnly: {
      description: 'Does not allow checking/unchecking the box (Can only be used with `selectable`)'
    },
    onOpen:{
      description: 'Triggered when the user opens a node'
    },
    onClose:{
      description: 'Triggered when the user closes a node'
    },
    onChange:{
      description: 'Triggered when the user selects or unselects a node'
    },
    onClick:{
      description: 'Triggered when the user clicks on a node. If not specified, a click opens or closes the node.'
    },
    _isRoot:{
        table:{
          disable: true
        }
    },
  }}
  args={{}}
/>

# Tree

## Usage

A tree is a hierarchical component that displays the visual representation of the parent-child relationship between nodes (such as categories, families, etc...). There are different variations that allow to select only one and/or multiple node at the same time.

## General guidance

Tree structures are flexible. A default tree provides a structure with named nodes and arrows to expand/collapse child nodes, whereas a selectable tree features checkboxes allowing the user to select nodes and/or children nodes.

## Technical note

The Tree component uses its value to trigger onOpen, onClose and other events. By default, the value is typehinted as a string. You can set a different type by using generic type <Tree<number> {...}/> for example.

## Playground

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Standard">
    {args => {
      return (
        <Tree value={'master'} label={'Master'} {...args}>
          <Tree value={'tvs'} label={'TVs and projectors'} {...args}/>
          <Tree value={'cameras'} label={'Cameras'} {...args}/>
          <Tree value={'audio'} label={'Audio and Video'} {...args}/>
        </Tree>
      );
    }}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

<ArgsTable story="Standard" />

## Variation on selected

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Selected">
    {args => {
      return (
        <>
          <Tree {...args} label='default' selected={false} />
          <Tree {...args} label='selected' selected={true} />
        </>
      );
    }}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## Variation on isLoading

<Canvas>
  <Story name="IsLoading">
    {args => {
      return (
        <>
          <Tree {...args} label='default' isLoading={false} />
          <Tree {...args} label='isLoading' isLoading={true} />
        </>
      );
    }}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## Variation on isLeaf

<Canvas>
  <Story name="IsLeaf">
    {args => {
      return (
        <>
          <Tree {...args} label='default' isLeaf={false} />
          <Tree {...args} label='isLeaf' isLeaf={true} />
        </>
      );
    }}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## Variation on selectable

<Canvas>
  <Story name="Selectable">
    {args => {
      const [selected, setSelected] = React.useState(false);
      return (
        <>
          <Tree {...args} label='default' selectable={false}/>
          <Tree
            {...args}
            label='selectable'
            selectable={true}
            selected={selected}
            onChange={(_value, checked) => setSelected(checked)}
          />
        </>
      );
    }}
  </Story>
</Canvas>

## Variation on readOnly

<Canvas>
  <Story name="ReadOnly">
    {args => {
      return (
        <>
          <Tree {...args} label='default' selectable={true} readOnly={false} />
          <Tree {...args} label='readOnly' selectable={true} readOnly={true} />
        </>
      );
    }}
  </Story>
</Canvas>
